#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured
{{{
Here is the process that was used to create the auto-correct extension that can be found here...
http://code.google.com/p/openoffice-marathi-autocorrect/

Only the words with wrong "ध्द" will be replaced with the correct "द्ध". More words will be added in the future. 
The following query will create a table with 2 columns. The first one is the wrong words and the second column is the correct word. There are around 2,000 words expected.

drop table if exists autocorrect;

create table autocorrect
select 
replace (
(replace ((replace ((replace ((replace ((replace ((replace ((replace ((replace
((replace ((replace ((replace( word, 'द्ध', 'ध्द' )), 'द्धा' , 'ध्दा' )), 'द्धि', 'ध्दि')), 'द्धी','ध्दी')), 'द्धु' , 'ध्दु' )), 'द्धू', 'ध्दू')), 'द्धे', 'ध्दे')), 'द्धै', 'ध्दै')) ,'द्धो', 'ध्दो')), 'द्धौ', 'ध्दौ' )), 'द्धं', 'ध्दं')), 'द्धः', 'ध्दः' ) as wrong, word as correct 
from wordbase where verified > 0 and (
(word like '%द्ध%') or (word like '%द्धा%') or (word like '%द्धि%') or (word like
'%द्धी%') or (word like '%द्धु%') or (word like '%द्धू%') or (word like '%द्धे%') or (word
like '%द्धै%') or (word like '%द्धो%') or (word like '%द्धौ%') or (word like '%द्धं%') or
(word like '%द्धः%')
)
limit 2000;

insert into autocorrect
SELECT replace( replace( replace( replace( word, 'ी', 'ि' ) , 'ि', 'ी' ) , 'ू', 'ु' ) , 'ु', 'ू' ), word 
FROM wordbase WHERE verified >0
AND (
char_length( word ) - char_length( replace( replace( replace( replace( word, 'ी', '' ) , 'ि', '' ) , 'ू', '' ) , 'ु', '' ) ) >1
)
AND (
word LIKE (
'%ी%'
)
OR word LIKE (
'%ि%'
)
OR word LIKE (
'%ू%'
)
OR word LIKE (
'%ु%'
)
)
AND replace( replace( replace( replace( word, 'ी', 'ि' ) , 'ि', 'ी' ) , 'ू', 'ु' ) , 'ु', 'ू' ) != word
LIMIT 50000;

insert into autocorrect
select replace(replace(word, 'ऱ्य', 'र्य'), 'ऱ्ह', 'र्ह'), word from wordbase where verified > 0 and (word like '%ऱ्य%' or word like '%ऱ्ह%') limit 3000;

insert into autocorrect
SELECT replace( word, 'ः', '' ) , word FROM wordbase WHERE verified > 0 AND word LIKE '%ः%' LIMIT 1000;
 
insert into autocorrect
SELECT 
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(word, 'सु', 'सू') 
, 'वि', 'वी')
, 'प्रति', 'प्रती')
, 'परि', 'परी')
, 'नि', 'नी')
, 'अभि', 'अभी')
, 'अनु', 'अनू')
, 'अधि', 'अधी')
, 'अति', 'अती')
, word
FROM wordbase WHERE verified > 0 AND (word LIKE 'अति%' OR word LIKE 'अधि%' OR word LIKE 'अनु%' OR word LIKE 'अभि%' OR word LIKE 'उप%' OR word LIKE 'नि%' OR word LIKE 'परि%' OR word LIKE 'प्रति%' OR word LIKE 'वि%' OR word LIKE 'सु%' ) limit 10000;

insert into autocorrect
SELECT 
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(word, 'िक', 'ीक') 
, 'ीत', 'ित')
, 'ित', 'ीत')
, 'िय', 'ीय')
, 'िल', 'ील')
, 'ीन', 'िन')
, 'ीय', 'िय')
, 'कीय', 'किय')
, word
FROM wordbase 
WHERE verified >0
AND (
word LIKE '%ीक'
OR word LIKE '%िक'
OR word LIKE '%ीत'
OR word LIKE '%ित'
OR word LIKE '%िय'
OR word LIKE '%िल'
OR word LIKE '%ीन'
OR word LIKE '%ीय'
OR word LIKE '%कीय'
)
AND (
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(
replace(word, 'िक', 'ीक') 
, 'ीत', 'ित')
, 'ित', 'ीत')
, 'िय', 'ीय')
, 'िल', 'ील')
, 'ीन', 'िन')
, 'ीय', 'िय')
, 'कीय', 'किय')
!= word
)
limit 3000;



Database: main - Export 
autocorrect table CSV format
Fields terminated by ' block-list:name='
Fields escaped by "

"औध्दत्य" block-list:name="औद्धत्य"
"कटिबध्द" block-list:name="कटिबद्ध"
"चलनपध्दती" block-list:name="चलनपद्धती"
"चलनवृध्दी" block-list:name="चलनवृद्धी"
"चित्तशुध्दी" block-list:name="चित्तशुद्धी"
"संबध्द" block-list:name="संबद्ध"
"सदसद्विवेकबुध्दी" block-list:name="सदसद्विवेकबुद्धी"
"समबुध्दी" block-list:name="समबुद्धी"

You will get the results as shown above. Copy all the text and paste it in open office writer. Now you need to append each line with "<block-list:block block-list:abbreviated-name=" And the end of each line will be " />"

In the Find & Replace dialog box, search for ^" and Replace with <block-list:block block-list:abbreviated-name="
In order to close the tag, search for "$ and replace with " />


So the final statement should look something like this...

  <block-list:block block-list:abbreviated-name="अंकगणीत" block-list:name="अंकगणित" /> 
  <block-list:block block-list:abbreviated-name="अंकगनीत" block-list:name="अंकगणित" /> 
  <block-list:block block-list:abbreviated-name="अकराळविकराळ" block-list:name="अक्राळविक्राळ" /> 
  <block-list:block block-list:abbreviated-name="अंकलीपी" block-list:name="अंकलिपी" /> 


The XML file should have a name DocumentList.xml and should start with the following 2 lines.
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?> 
- <block-list:block-list xmlns:block-list="http://openoffice.org/2001/block-list">
Make sure that there is no space before <?xml tag. 

The last line of the file should be...
  </block-list:block-list>

select save as from file menu and the name should be "DocumentList.xml". Deselect "Automatic file name extension" and the type should be "Text Encoded (.txt)"
The location should be the same as where mimetype file and META-INF directory is stored. Select UTF-8 as character set when asked.

Double click on the XML file and it should open in Internet Explorer and display the contents correctly.

select all the files from the current directory and choose add to acor_mr-IN.zip from the 7-zip context menu. The zip file should be renamed to acor_mr-IN.dat using the command prompt.
}}}