In order to find jodakshar we need to join all the _mulkasharas_ with themselves.
Therefore the following table was created.

{{{
drop table if exists mulakshare;

CREATE TABLE `mulakshare` (
  `akshar` varchar(100) default NULL,
   primary key (akshar) 
) ENGINE=MyISAM DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8;

INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('क्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ख्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ग्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('घ्');

INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('च्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('छ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ज्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('झ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ञ्');


INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ट्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ठ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ड्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ढ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ण्');

INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('त्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('थ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('द्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ध्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('न्');

INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('प्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('फ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ब्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('भ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('म्');

INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('य्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('र्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ल्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('व्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('श्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ष्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('स्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ह्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('ळ्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('क्श्');
INSERT INTO `mulakshare` (`akshar`) VALUES('द्न्य्');

}}}

The following query will generate all the possible jodakshars.

select concat(a.akshar, b.akshar) as jodakshar from mulakshare as a inner join mulakshare as b

{{{
क्क्
क्श्क्
ख्क्
ग्क्
घ्क्
च्क्
छ्क्
ज्क्
झ्क्
ञ्क्
ट्क्
ठ्क्

}}}

In the extract shown above, the character "क्" is joined with all other mulakshars. There are 35 mulkashars and therefore the number of possible combination is 1,225. Now we need to find if these jodakshars were used anywhere in the database and if it was used what was the character just before the "jodakshar". The following query was used:

{{{
select * from wordbase as a inner join 
(select concat(a.akshar, b.akshar) as jodakshar from mulakshare as a inner join mulakshare as b) as dt
where word like concat('%', jodakshar , '%')   limit 10


word 	verified 	jodakshar
व्युत्क्रम 	20070422 	त्क्
सत्त्व 	20070424 	त्त्
मक्त्यात 	20070501 	क्त्
सत्त्वगुण 	20070424 	त्त्
सत्त्वनिष्ठ 	20070424 	त्त्
सत्त्वशील 	20070424 	त्त्
सत्त्वहीन 	20070424 	त्त्
चातुर्वर्ण्य 	20070424 	र्ण्
और्ध्वदेहिक 	20070424 	र्ध्
शास्त्रांप्रमाणे 	20070430 	स्त्

}}}



In order to locate the exact position of the "jodakshar" we need to use the locate function. Let's dissect the word 'व्युत्क्रम' and find out the position number of each character.

{{{
SELECT substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -10, 1 ) AS one, substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -9, 1 ) AS two, substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -8, 1 ) AS three, 
substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -7, 1 ) AS four, substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -6, 1 ) AS five, substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -5, 1 ) AS six, 
substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -4, 1 ) AS seven, substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -3, 1 ) AS eight, substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -2, 1 ) AS nine, 
substring( 'व्युत्क्रम', -1, 1 ) AS ten 


one 	two 	three 	four 	five 	six 	seven 	eight 	nine 	ten
व 	् 	य 	ु 	त 	् 	क 	् 	र 	म


select locate('त्क्' , 'व्युत्क्रम')
5

select substring('व्युत्क्रम', (locate('त्क्' , 'व्युत्क्रम')*1))
त्क्रम

}}}

नियम क्रमांक २१ - मराठी शब्दात आलेल्या जोडाक्षराच्या आधीच्या अक्षराला वेलांटी लिहावी लागली, तर ती नेहमी पहिली किंवा र्‍हस्व लिहावी. उदा. किल्ला, तिप्पट, शिल्लक, हिस्सा
अपवाद संस्कृत शब्दांचा : परीक्षा, भीष्म, ईश्वर

हीच गोष्ट जोडाक्षराच्या आधीच्या उकाराला लागू होते. उदा. कुस्ती, गुद्दा, दुप्पट, लुच्चा, मुक्काम, उन्हाळा
अपवाद संस्कृत शब्दांचा : गोमूत्र, पूज्य, मूल्य, शून्य, ऊर्जा

लाखो शब्दांमधून असे शब्द शोधून ते तपासणे कठीण आहे. म्हणून खाली दिलेली क्वेरी वापरली.

{{{

DROP TABLE IF EXISTS myjodakshar;

CREATE TABLE myjodakshar SELECT word, verified, locate( dt.jodakshar, word ) AS mylocate, substring( word, (
locate( dt.jodakshar, word ) * -2 ) , 1
)mysub, right( (
left( word, (
locate( dt.jodakshar, word ) -1 ) )
), 1
) AS mychar
FROM wordbase AS a
INNER JOIN (

SELECT concat( a.akshar, b.akshar ) AS jodakshar
FROM mulakshare AS a
INNER JOIN mulakshare AS b
) AS dt
WHERE word LIKE concat( '%', jodakshar, '%' )
LIMIT 1000


SELECT * FROM myjodakshar WHERE mychar IN ('ी', 'ू')

मूर्च्छा  	20071216  	3  	र  	ू
सूक्ष्मदर्शक 	20071216 	3 	म 	ू
सूक्ष्मदृष्टी 	20071216 	3 	द 	ू
सूक्ष्मबुद्धी 	20071216 	3 	ब 	ू
सूक्ष्मातिसूक्ष्म 	20071216 	3 	ू 	ू
सूक्ष्म 	20071216 	3 	ू 	ू
सूक्ष्मजीव 	20071216 	3 	ष 	ू
दुरूस्त्या 	20090518 	5 	द 	ू
सूक्ष्मात 	20090519 	3 	् 	ू

}}}